(Narrator) To combat the
outbreak of the deadly AE Virus
ravaging planet Earth...
(Narrator) A mission to Mars has
been launched to procure samples
for an antidote.
(Narrator) But, the crew members
of the Annex One have found
themselves under fierce assault.
(Narrator) Now a broken crew
takes stock. Many have died.
Many are unaccounted for.
(Shokichi) The only thing we can
do right now, is hope that
everyone is safe.
(Petra) Has the rescue ship been
deployed, President Snorresson?
Once we get to Annex One, we'll
find the others and we'll all go
back to Earth. Let's go!
We should be able to reach Annex
One by end of day.
Good.
What's wrong?
It's too quiet. Six days
and no attacks.
Maybe it's just luck.
Yeah. Or they're
waiting for us.
We have to find Squad Four. I
need to know if they're still
alive.
Sir, they were mostly engineers.
And their squad leader only has
a Mars Ranking of forty-four.
MARS RANKING: NUMERIC VALUE
INDICATING ONE'S
TERRAFORMAR-FIGHTING ABILITY.
Right.
Do you remember the night I
announced that I would be the
mission Captain?
What, dinner?
That's fine by me.
Count me in! Just pick a place
that makes strong drinks, 'kay?
If you think for one second, I'd
let you get me drunk. You're out
of your goddamn mind.
To be honest I'd rather sit this
one out. Unless this is a direct
order, Captain.
Oh, well...
(Liu) Captain!
Huh?
I for one, could go for some
ramen! Something so completely
saturated with grease, you'd
mistake it for American!
[Chuckles]
(Shokichi) Liu the Anaconda.
That cheerful little suggestion
was exactly what all you
stubborn weirdos needed.
That hit the spot. This was just
the offensive delicacy I was
hoping for.
Now, who's up for a round of
drinks? First one's on me!
That's a great idea, Liu.
(Shokichi) That last night
together, it reminded me what
we're fighting for.
[Grunts]
What the hell was that for?
My morning calisthenics! I can't
have Akari out training me!
Hmm.
[Grunting]
He just doesn't quit, does he?
[Chuckles]
"5 DAYS PRIOR
U-NASA EMERGENCY SUMMIT."
Regrettably the rescue ship has
not been launched.
What?!
Explain! Why?
The ship has encountered
numerous malfunctions since Plan
Delta was ordered.
(President Goodman) Our
technicians don't know when
we'll be able to launch.
That's rather coincidental.
You're the world leaders in
space exploration.
If what you're claiming is true,
another country must be
interfering.
Then that means...
The surviving crew needs to
rendezvous at the crashed Annex
One and see if it can be
repaired.
Right.
(Petra) As we expected. To
launch a rescue mission now
would be to rise to
international dominance.
This reckless plan was
doomed from the outset.
We all suspected complications
were likely to arise during this
mission,
yet we still sent our countries
best, relatively unarmed, to a
planet infested with giant
murderous cockroaches.
The result: mass crew
casualties.
(Chinese Leader) The weapons we
sent were restrictive,
(Chinese Leader) due to this
council's fear that they may
fall into the hands of
terraformars.
(Chinese Leader) A fear my
country could have mitigated by
installing safety protocols.
It would have been very easy to
send a small, well-trained army,
with the latest weaponry.
But you deliberately
chose not to.
Let's face it. This was just a
test run for the subjects that
underwent the M.O. Operations.
He's undermining the very
existence of the Annex Project!
What the hell are you doing?
Going forward, China will take
the lead in rescuing the
remaining crew trapped on Mars.
Furthermore, we've already sent
our own rescue ship armed with
tactical weapons.
(Snorresson) None of us can
oppose him now.
(Snorresson) His country's
military strength is
overwhelming. He's damn near
untouchable.
(Snorresson) If I wear to
voice my suspicion that his
people sabotaged Plan Delta...
(Snorresson) We'd immediately
have a nuclear war on our
hands.
(Petra) What's his end game? He
clearly isn't interested in
taking a lead on finding a cure.
[Chuckles]
Hmm? Akari is still
working out?
[Chuckles] Looks like he could
use a little more resistance.
[Grunting]
[Grunts] Heavy enough for you?
Yup. Bit too heavy if you ask
me.
Did you forget I'm your
superior? Give me twenty more.
You've truly matured, Michelle.
A far cry from the girl I
recruited. You were distant and
detached.
My only purpose in life is to
kill as many terraformars as
possible.
All that matters now is avenging
my father's death.
(Shokichi) Your father,
Donatello K. Davis, renowned
recipient of the Bugs Procedure
and the Paraponera ability,
(Shokichi) was a man I
once called Captain.
(Shokichi) His abilities became
yours. You became the first
human to genetically inherit
superhuman abilities.
(Shokichi) But they isolated you
from the rest of society. Akari
was the same.
(Shokichi) He too inherited his
abilities. Only he would
transform.
(Shokichi) Heightened emotional
states triggered metamorphosis
and ensured a certain
loneliness.
Maybe that's why you two
understand each other so well.
I hope after the chaos, you both
find the peace of mind you
deserve, back home on Earth.
It's too quiet.
It's almost as if those two
SOS's never happened.
What two? We only got
one from Squad Six.
Did you forget? The first one we
received was from your Squad.
That's why we headed for you in
the first place.
(Shokichi) Michelle.
No one in my squad
ever sent out an SOS.
Is that true?
(Sylvester) Now would you look
at that?
Incredible.
This is nothing like the
storage pyramid we saw.
(Nina) Who would have thought
this dome was hidden inside
here.
Maybe it's a remnant of the Gods
of Rahab?
No. Not this.
(Sylvester) This pyramid has
been reconstructed. A project
unified under the guidance of a
unique leader.
Reports from the Bugs One
Mission tell of a terraformar
who developed a heightened level
of intelligence.
(Sylvester) It developed its own
type of martial arts,
(Sylvester) strategized command
of its companions,
(Sylvester) and showed a
troubling interest in the
corpses of those who'd undergone
the Bugs Procedure.
[Exhales]
Judging from this room it took
an interest in astronomy.
It was smart enough to
understand that Mars is a
sphere, and discovered its place
in the solar system.
This Bug had the vision of a
general.
(Sylvester) And the sadism of a
mad scientist.
While I'm sure it succeeded in
its own Bugs Procedure, we
fortunately don't need to worry.
Because it's dead.
I assume that's why the bugs
have abandoned this pyramid.
Chief!
What is it?
You're not going to believe
what I just found.
Hmm?
[Gasps]
[Sighs]
So that's what you're doing up
here, you bastards.
That raises questions about
Squad Four.
Adolf had reported that...
All of Squad Four's bodies had
been burnt to a crisp.
(Michelle) Exactly. But the
terraformars have always tried
to preserve and recover their
victims' bodies.
(Michelle) What happened to
Squad Four is unlike anything
we've seen them do.
Michelle, do you think...
Someone's trying to cover their
tracks.
Burning the bodies bought them
time. There's no telling what
they've been up to.
Humanity united and travelled to
Mars only to become
pawns of political agendas.
We must accept the fact, that we
have been betrayed!
(Liu Yiwu) [Laughing]
The mines work magnificently!
[Laughter]
Jo!
(Liu) Now! As you can imagine...
If you find yourself without a
net,
destroying their arms and legs
can be an extremely effective
way to capture a live sample.
(Liu) Now I understand the
natural hesitancy of performing
such a maneuver on a human
being,
(Liu) but keep in mind the two
we are after were born part
insect.
(Liu) Just envision them as
slightly smaller terraformars.
Ow!
Oops.
Ideally, I would prefer it if
you were to capture our two
samples alive.
But I won't be heartbroken if
they're dead.
Be on the lookout.
I anticipate that our targets
will reach us before the days
end.
Let's hope they make it easy and
injure themselves on the
minefield.
Hmm? What's that sound?
[Buzzing]
Right. I'm not angry but who
forgot to raise the AA shield?
Why am I not surprised?
I'm so sorry, please forgive me
sir.
It's so strange, there's a
circle and a line, and I thought
the circle was the on button.
It's the opposite you idiot. I
told you, it's a one and a zero.
(Wails) I'm sorry it
won't happen again!
Well, that's good. At least this
provides us time to test our
weapons system. Ready arms!
(Jet) Systems ready!
Okay! Attention everyone!
[Nervous quiver]
They're flying right into it.
Their attack patterns have
become much simpler.
I wonder how long until they
realize that the weapon only
targets movement?
[Nervous quivering]
[Laughter]
This is technology at its
finest!
Captain!
What is that?
What's that doing here? [Gasps]
Unit Two, halt!
[Grunts]
What is it, Captain Komachi?
I saw a radio tower.
Looks like our
theory is correct.
My sonar is picking up human
signatures.
(Jared) But they've setup a
protective perimeter.
[Gasps]
(Jared) I'm detecting multiple
buried objects.
They have mines.
(Keiji) That means...
It's Squad Four.
What? You mean their ghosts?
Erika! Get me in touch with
Earth, quickly!
Yes sir!
[Murmuring]
You betrayed me.
(Shokichi) Why Liu? If you're
going to hit me this hard. Well
then...
I'll have to hit back even
harder!
Finally found us.
For the record I really liked
you, Captain.
You seemed very nice.
But the world is a complicated
place. We can't all be expected
to get along.
Comrades! Prepare for battle!
(Erika) Command, do you read?
Squads One and Two have reached
Annex One, but we are being met
with-
What's going on?
We lost our connection, sir!
Well get it back!
(Officer) It's no good! The
signal's been cut off!
Captain? Captain!
Our comms to Squad One are being
jammed!
You sure?
The device itself seems to be
functioning properly.
Unreal.
(Liu) [Clears throat] Testing,
testing! One two, one two. Do
you read me?
(Liu) This is Squad Four's chief
officer, Liu Yiwu.
Traitor. You brought a whole
pile of corpses to Mars just to
cover your tracks.
I sure did.
You cut the security cameras,
allowing terraformars to sneak
onboard and wreak havoc before
landing.
Right again.
And I'm guessing you bought off
the right politicians, ensuring
we wouldn't return to Earth, but
initiate plan Delta!
Also true.
Do you realize how many innocent
people will die because of what
you've done?
Why are you doing this?
(Liu) You're rather clever.
Michelle.
But all I'm really interested in
is that body of yours.
[Gasps]
(Liu) We have complete control
of all communications. And
crying home to Earth won't do
anything but annoy me.
[Gasps]
(Liu) So let's get to the point.
I'm thinking about launching
some missiles at you.
(Liu) Two, to be precise. The
best money can buy.
I know that because they cost me
a lot of my money.
Your death is an absolute
certainty. So if you want to
live...
(Liu) Simply command Hizamaru
and Davis to turn themselves
over to us.
Wait!
Huh?
I know that you think you're
doing the right thing, that
turning yourselves over will
save your comrades.
We need a plan.
Think about it, Akari. If you
really care about our safety,
don't go.
If we allow them to get their
hands on you and Michelle, then
we lose our best bargaining
chips.
[Grunts]
Liu is alive?
But why does he want to kill us?
Prepare to move
on my command.
[Laughing] They're scared stiff.
I can't blame them.
Yep. You're locked
on, correct?
(Jet) Locked and loaded.
If those vehicles try to escape,
or if anyone other than Akari
and Michelle exit, open fire.
And what should
we do about them?
Jo ji! Jo ji! Jo ji!
How cute, they're throwing
rocks. Arm the shield!
Press the line, press the line.
Line.
I will not allow you creatures
to interrupt dear Shokichi while
he prepares to surrender!
[Gasps] It looks like an air
shield.
(Shokichi) They certainly came
prepared.
(Alex) Captain?
Right.
No one dies today! We will
complete this damn mission!
Let's go give them hell.
Um, Borgijin?
What are the chances of one of
those bugs breaking its way
through the barrier and getting
down to us?
Less than one in a million.
Yeah that's right!
You bugs better throw everything
you've got at us now!
(Liu) Because once our weapons
arrive, you won't stand a
chance!
[Screams]
(Liu) Are those little pebbles
all you've got?
You'll need something with more
firepower if you want to get in
here!
[Laughing]
[Screams]
[Grunts]
(Liu) Ah that's right. The
bird-woman and the
wannabe baseball player make
quite the unique paring.
Oh!
That's one hell of a throw. You
need to tryout for the Major
League. If we survive.
You bet.
Hey! Did that shock wave kill
any of our crew back there?
We're all okay.
What?
(Shokichi) You're traitorous
acts have endangered the lives
of my crew,
(Shokichi) and jeopardized the
survival of the entire human
race.
(Shokichi) Officer Liu, I
order you and your Squad to drop
your weapons.
And if you choose otherwise,
your life ends here.
(Shokichi) What'll it be?
Did you really think that would
frighten us?
We have you completely
surrounded. Goodbye Captain.
[Grunting]
[Grunts]
Thank you for the assist, Jet.
You all have your target, open
fire!
Li!
Where the hell are
those coming from?
Is that Alex Stewart? I heard he
never misses.
And you missed.
Huh?
Li! Cut the magnet!
[Grunts]
Voice recognition! Activate!
[Grunts] Damn, it's too slow!
I was really trying to avoid
fighting. Just hand the girl
over to me, and you live.
She's more than just some girl.
Her name is Michelle K. Davis.
Acting Captain, Michelle K.
Davis.
That girl is the descendant of
the most honorable warrior I've
ever met.
(Shokichi) I've watched her grow
into a fierce and courageous
woman.
She's become an effective leader
who's both admired and
respected.
So believe me when I say I would
die to keep her from becoming
your specimen.
Then you'll do just that.
Because nothing will stop me
from getting my sample.
[Grunts]
[Grunting]
[Growls]
(Liu) We may have struck at the
same time, but he lacks the
proper training of a real
soldier.
(Liu) He'll be just a second too
slow.
[Painful moan]
[Grunting]
It's over, Liu.
(Liu) Your betrayal will be paid
with blood!